docs/BSL.md, before:

# MSP430 BSL

## References

MSP430FR5969 Product Details - https://www.ti.com/product/MSP430FR5969  
Device Overview - https://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/msp430fr5969.pdf  
User's Guide - https://www.ti.com/lit/ug/slau367p/slau367p.pdf?ts=1738313537365  
MSP430 BSL Guide - https://www.ti.com/lit/ug/slau550ab/slau550ab.pdf?ts=1737654439177  


## Definitions/Acronyms

BSL - **B**oot**S**trap **L**oader

## Unlocking Bootloader Commands

Before an application can command the bootloader, it must first unlock the bootloader by 
supplying a password.

### Disabling Mass Erase

By default, sending the incorrect password will cause the device to
perform a mass erase of RAM.

This security feature can be disabled:

![Disable Mass Erase](media/disable_mass_erase.png)

In code, this can be done with the following:

```c++
#define BSL_SIG_1 (0x0FF84)
#define BSL_SIG_2 (0x0FF86)
#define BSL_SIG_DISABLE_MASS_ERASE (0x0AAAA)

void disable_incorrect_password_mass_erase() {
  uint16_t* ptr = BSL_SIG_1;
  (*ptr) = BSL_SIG_DISABLE_MASS_ERASE;

  ptr = BSL_SIG_2;
  (*ptr) = BSL_SIG_DISABLE_MASS_ERASE;
}
```

### Sending the Password

The BSL of the MSP430 can be accessed by communicating with it via the 
corresponding UART pins.

![UART Protocol](media/bsl_uart_protocol.png)

The application code sends the command by using the following format.

![BSL RX Password Command](media/bsl_rx_password_command.png)

Example command to unlock the Bootloader:

![Password Example](media/example_password.png)

Commit message:

include BSL invocation notes and documentation screenshot

docs/BSL.md, after:

# MSP430 BSL

## References

MSP430FR5969 Product Details - https://www.ti.com/product/MSP430FR5969  
Device Overview - https://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/msp430fr5969.pdf  
User's Guide - https://www.ti.com/lit/ug/slau367p/slau367p.pdf?ts=1738313537365  
MSP430 BSL Guide - https://www.ti.com/lit/ug/slau550ab/slau550ab.pdf?ts=1737654439177  


## Definitions/Acronyms

BSL - **B**oot**S**trap **L**oader

## BSL Invocation

![BSL Jump](media/bsl_jump.png)

- Jumping to the BSL clears RAM and resets the stack
- Interrupts need to be disabled before invoking the BSL
- Module registers that the BSL uses need to be cleared, because their settings can affect BSL behavior
- In the BSL Action section, the "Rxx" parameters are registers

## Unlocking Bootloader Commands

Before an application can command the bootloader, it must first unlock the bootloader by 
supplying a password.

### Disabling Mass Erase

By default, sending the incorrect password will cause the device to
perform a mass erase of RAM.

This security feature can be disabled:

![Disable Mass Erase](media/disable_mass_erase.png)

In code, this can be done with the following:

```c++
#define BSL_SIG_1 (0x0FF84)
#define BSL_SIG_2 (0x0FF86)
#define BSL_SIG_DISABLE_MASS_ERASE (0x0AAAA)

void disable_incorrect_password_mass_erase() {
  uint16_t* ptr = BSL_SIG_1;
  (*ptr) = BSL_SIG_DISABLE_MASS_ERASE;

  ptr = BSL_SIG_2;
  (*ptr) = BSL_SIG_DISABLE_MASS_ERASE;
}
```

### Sending the Password

The BSL of the MSP430 can be accessed by communicating with it via the 
corresponding UART pins.

![UART Protocol](media/bsl_uart_protocol.png)

The application code sends the command by using the following format.

![BSL RX Password Command](media/bsl_rx_password_command.png)

Example command to unlock the Bootloader:

![Password Example](media/example_password.png)
